Only the last part of the recording is analyzed here, since it is the part with the most foreign words and ininteligeable bits.


TRANSCRIPTION PROVIDED WITH THE RECORDING

CASSIDY: Uh huh, well, about how much fish do they get out of a good haul of those?
INFORMANT: Once I saw a [xx]—they caught about, about a ton I guess of those, uh, akule. Oh, they were nice [xx].
CASSIDY: What’s akule?
INFORMANT: Mmm, akule—some kinda, you know, the [Polynese] call akule akule.  [Japanese] call it [hajiji?]


BASIC TRANSCRIPTION (WITHOUT CHUNKING OR PROMPTS)

Uh-huh. Well, about how much fish do they get out of a good haul of those? Once I saw a white mare, they caught about... About a ton, I guess, of those akule. Oh, they have a nice crew up there. What's akule? That akule... Some kind of... You know, how we used to call akule, akule. The Japanese call it aji.

Comment:
- Overall a very Good transcription already, specially taking into account the strong accent from one of the speakers.
- failed to recognize "Polynese" and "hajiji", hallucinated the bits that not even the official transcription provides (marked with [xx]).


TRANSCRIPTION WITH PROMPTS

prompt given: "hukilau, lau, akule, Polynese, Japanese, hajiji"

Uh-huh. Well, about how much fish do they get out of a good haul of those? Once I saw up at Waimea, they caught about, about a ton, I guess, those Akule. Oh, they have a nice crew up there. What's Akule? That Akule, some kind of, you know, how we used to call Akule, Akule, Japanese called it Aji.

Comment:
- No noticeable improvements, still fails to recognize "Polynese" and "hajiji" even if they are given as context.


TRANSCRIPTION WITH CHUNKING

Chunk 6: ada sesuatu untuk mengekalkan kapal terbang? ada beberapa kapal terbang yang terbang
...
Chunk 32: Well, about how much fish did it get out of her?
Chunk 33: Once I saw a white male, they caught about...
Chunk 34: About a ton, I guess, of those Akule. Oh, they have a nice crew.
Chunk 35: フワツクレ
Chunk 36: So I'm gonna, you know, how I wish to call it, I couldn't, I didn't call it.
Chunk 37:

Comment:
- Shown: 5-second chunks
- With such short chunks, the transcription is overall worse than without chunking
- Sometimes (chunk 6, 35) the chunks are too short for the model to even recognize the language correctly (shown: 5 second chunks)


CHALLENGES FACED
- Determine the optimal lenght for a chunk
- Using "language="en"" in the API call preventing the model from misjudging the spoken language without sufficient context within a chunk
